index.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Revive Adserver
description: The open source ad server formerly known as OpenX Source
---

#### About Revive Adserver

Revive Adserver is an open source ad serving tool that enables publishers to:

* Serve ads on their websites;
* Manage their campaigns from different advertisers and/or ad networks
  using a simple, easy-to-use interface;
* Track and report on campaign success, including click-through rates; and
* Set rules to target the delivery of campaigns, or even ads, to specific
  users, to help maximise the effectiveness of campaigns.

* * *

#### Latest News

##### 13 September 2013

###### Revive Adserver 3.0.0 Released

Revive Adserver 3.0.0 has been released. The release renames the product to
Revive Adserver, and includes security updates, new features and bug fixes. The
[release notes](https://github.com/revive-adserver/revive-adserver/blob/v3.0.0/RELEASE_NOTES.txt)
contain all of the details, which users are encouraged to read carefully before
upgrading.

* * *

#### Documentation

Documentation has yet to be written for Revive Adserver. If you would like to
help contribute to the project by writing documentation, please fork the project
in GitHub and submit a pull request for the "gh-pages" branch.

#### [Installation Guide](/docs/install "Installation Guide")

A quick guide to installing Revive Adserver.

#### [Upgrade Guide](/docs/upgrade "Upgrade Guide")

A quick guide to upgrading Revive Adserver (or upgrading to Revive Adserver from OpenX Source).

#### [Administration Guide](/docs/admin "Administration Guide")

The complete administrator's guide to managing Revive Adserver.

#### [User Guide](/docs/user "User Guide")

The complete user's guide to using Revive Adserver to manage ad delivery.

#### [FAQ](/docs/faq "FAQ")

Frequently asked questions about Revive Adserver.

#### [Known Issues](/docs/issues "Known Issues")

Known issues.

Commit message:

Added message about OpenX press release.

index.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Revive Adserver
description: The open source ad server formerly known as OpenX Source
---

#### About Revive Adserver

Revive Adserver is an open source ad serving tool that enables publishers to:

* Serve ads on their websites;
* Manage their campaigns from different advertisers and/or ad networks
  using a simple, easy-to-use interface;
* Track and report on campaign success, including click-through rates; and
* Set rules to target the delivery of campaigns, or even ads, to specific
  users, to help maximise the effectiveness of campaigns.

* * *

#### Latest News

##### 13 September 2013

###### Revive Adserver 3.0.0 Released

Revive Adserver 3.0.0 has been released. The release renames the product to
Revive Adserver, and includes security updates, new features and bug fixes. The
[release notes](https://github.com/revive-adserver/revive-adserver/blob/v3.0.0/RELEASE_NOTES.txt)
contain all of the details, which users are encouraged to read carefully before
upgrading.

###### OpenX Announce Sale of OpenX Source

OpenX have announced the sale of OpenX Source to the Revive Adserver team. See
the OpenX
[press release](http://www.openx.com/content/openx-sells-open-source-ad-serving-product)
for details.

* * *

#### Documentation

Documentation has yet to be written for Revive Adserver. If you would like to
help contribute to the project by writing documentation, please fork the project
in GitHub and submit a pull request for the "gh-pages" branch.

#### [Installation Guide](/docs/install "Installation Guide")

A quick guide to installing Revive Adserver.

#### [Upgrade Guide](/docs/upgrade "Upgrade Guide")

A quick guide to upgrading Revive Adserver (or upgrading to Revive Adserver from OpenX Source).

#### [Administration Guide](/docs/admin "Administration Guide")

The complete administrator's guide to managing Revive Adserver.

#### [User Guide](/docs/user "User Guide")

The complete user's guide to using Revive Adserver to manage ad delivery.

#### [FAQ](/docs/faq "FAQ")

Frequently asked questions about Revive Adserver.

#### [Known Issues](/docs/issues "Known Issues")

Known issues.
